Convert date_nanos example script to runtime field (#71351)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/types/date_nanos.asciidoc

  }
}

PUT my-index-000001/_bulk?refresh
{ "index" : { "_id" : "1" } }
{ "date": "2015-01-01" } <2>
{ "index" : { "_id" : "2" } }
{ "date": "2015-01-01T12:10:30.123456789Z" } <3>
{ "index" : { "_id" : "3" } }

> { "date": 1420070400000 } <4>

Author: This was lacking a few 0s in the example and we never caught it because we didn't have a test for the response.

GET my-index-000001/_search
{
  "sort": { "date": "asc"}, <5>
  "runtime_mappings": {
    "date_has_nanos": {
      "type": "boolean",
      "script": "emit(doc['date'].value.nano != 0)" <6>
    }
  },
  "fields": [
    {
      "field": "date",
      "format": "strict_date_optional_time_nanos" <7>
    },
    {
      "field": "date_has_nanos"
    }
  ]
}
----

> // TEST[s/_search/_search?filter_path=hits.hits/]

Reviewer: 🎉 for `filter_path`!

<1> The `date` field uses the default `format`.
<2> This document uses a plain date.
<3> This document includes a time.
<4> This document uses milliseconds-since-the-epoch.
<5> Note that the `sort` values that are returned are all in
nanoseconds-since-the-epoch.

> <6> In scripts use `.nano` gets the nanosecond component of the date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<6> Use `.nano` in scripts to return the nanosecond component of the date.
```

> <7> When fetching using fields you can specify the format. Make sure
> it includes `nanos` or you'll get a rounded result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<7> You can specify the format when fetching data using the <<search-fields-param,`fields` parameter>>.  
Use <<strict-date-time-nanos,`strict_date_optional_time_nanos`>> or you'll get a rounded result.
```

Reviewer: I added links for `fields` and `strict_date_optional_time_nanos`. I think it's better to use the full parameter name instead of just `nanos` for clarity.
